who is like a wise man and who knows the
who is like a wise man and who knows the interpretation of a thing a man's wisdom
interpretation of a thing a man's wisdom
interpretation of a thing a man's wisdom makes his face shine and the sternness
makes his face shine and the sternness
makes his face shine and the sternness of his face is changed I say keep the
of his face is changed I say keep the
of his face is changed I say keep the Kings commandment for the sake of your
Kings commandment for the sake of your
Kings commandment for the sake of your oath to God do not be hasty to go from
oath to God do not be hasty to go from
oath to God do not be hasty to go from his presence do not take your stand for
his presence do not take your stand for
his presence do not take your stand for an evil thing for he does whatever
an evil thing for he does whatever
an evil thing for he does whatever pleases him where the word of a king is
pleases him where the word of a king is
pleases him where the word of a king is there is power and who may say to him
there is power and who may say to him
there is power and who may say to him what are you doing he who keeps his
what are you doing he who keeps his
what are you doing he who keeps his command will experience nothing harmful
command will experience nothing harmful
command will experience nothing harmful and a wise man's heart deserves both
and a wise man's heart deserves both
and a wise man's heart deserves both time and judgments because for every
time and judgments because for every
time and judgments because for every matter there is a time and judgment
matter there is a time and judgment
matter there is a time and judgment though the misery of man increases
though the misery of man increases
though the misery of man increases greatly for he does not know what will
greatly for he does not know what will
greatly for he does not know what will happen so who can tell him when it will
happen so who can tell him when it will
happen so who can tell him when it will occur
occur
occur no one has power over the spirit to
no one has power over the spirit to
no one has power over the spirit to retain the spirit and no one has power
retain the spirit and no one has power
retain the spirit and no one has power in the day of death there is no release
in the day of death there is no release
in the day of death there is no release from that war and wickedness will not
from that war and wickedness will not
from that war and wickedness will not deliver those who are given to it all
deliver those who are given to it all
deliver those who are given to it all this I have seen and applied my heart to
this I have seen and applied my heart to
this I have seen and applied my heart to every work that is done under the Sun
every work that is done under the Sun
every work that is done under the Sun there is a time in which one man rules
there is a time in which one man rules
there is a time in which one man rules over another to his own hurt
then I saw the wicked buried who had
then I saw the wicked buried who had come and gone from the place of holiness
come and gone from the place of holiness
come and gone from the place of holiness and they were forgotten in the city
and they were forgotten in the city
and they were forgotten in the city where they had so done this also is
where they had so done this also is
where they had so done this also is vanity because the sentence against an
vanity because the sentence against an
vanity because the sentence against an evil work is not executed speedily
evil work is not executed speedily
evil work is not executed speedily therefore the heart of the sons of men
therefore the heart of the sons of men
therefore the heart of the sons of men is fully set in them to do evil though a
is fully set in them to do evil though a
is fully set in them to do evil though a sinner does evil a hundred times and his
sinner does evil a hundred times and his
sinner does evil a hundred times and his days are prolonged yet I surely know
days are prolonged yet I surely know
days are prolonged yet I surely know that it will be well with those who fear
that it will be well with those who fear
that it will be well with those who fear God who fear before him but it will not
God who fear before him but it will not
God who fear before him but it will not be well with the wicked nor will he
be well with the wicked nor will he
be well with the wicked nor will he prolong his days which are as a shadow
prolong his days which are as a shadow
prolong his days which are as a shadow because he does not fear before God
because he does not fear before God
because he does not fear before God there is a vanity which occurs on earth
there is a vanity which occurs on earth
there is a vanity which occurs on earth that there are just men to whom it
that there are just men to whom it
that there are just men to whom it happens according to the work of the
happens according to the work of the
happens according to the work of the wicked again there are wicked men to
wicked again there are wicked men to
wicked again there are wicked men to whom it happens according to the work of
whom it happens according to the work of
whom it happens according to the work of the righteous I said that this also is
the righteous I said that this also is
the righteous I said that this also is vanity
so I commended enjoyment because a man
so I commended enjoyment because a man has nothing better under the Sun than to
has nothing better under the Sun than to
has nothing better under the Sun than to eat drink and be merry for this will
eat drink and be merry for this will
eat drink and be merry for this will remain with him in his labor all the
remain with him in his labor all the
remain with him in his labor all the days of his life which God gives him
days of his life which God gives him
days of his life which God gives him Under the Sun when I applied my heart to
Under the Sun when I applied my heart to
Under the Sun when I applied my heart to know wisdom and see the business that
know wisdom and see the business that
know wisdom and see the business that he's done on earth even though one sees
he's done on earth even though one sees
he's done on earth even though one sees no sleep day or night then I saw all the
no sleep day or night then I saw all the
no sleep day or night then I saw all the work of God but a man cannot find out
work of God but a man cannot find out
work of God but a man cannot find out the work that is done under the Sun for
the work that is done under the Sun for
the work that is done under the Sun for though a man Labor's to discover it yet
though a man Labor's to discover it yet
though a man Labor's to discover it yet he will not find it moreover though a
he will not find it moreover though a
he will not find it moreover though a wise man attempts to know it he will not
wise man attempts to know it he will not
wise man attempts to know it he will not be able to find it